ref: Sentry dotnet doc (#3741)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/entityframework/index.mdx

## Configuration

> There is 1 step to adding Entity Framework 6 support to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Entity Framework 6 support to your project in one step:
```
